Add Environments to Key Concepts page (#25791)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/core-concepts.rst

Given a policy, ``evaluation`` of a policy produces ``sample batches`` of experiences.
You can also customize the ``training_iteration``\s of your RL experiments.

.. _environments:

Environments
------------

Solving a problem in RL begins with an **environment**. In the simplest definition of RL:

  An **agent** interacts with an **environment** and receives a reward.

An environment in RL is the agent's world, it is a simulation of the problem to be solved.

.. image:: images/env_key_concept1.png

An RLlib environment consists of: 

1. all possible actions (**action space**)

> 2. a complete omniscient description of the environment, nothing hidden (**state space**)

Reviewer: No lol not possible

Given a policy, ``evaluation`` of a policy produces ``sample batches`` of experiences.
You can also customize the ``training_iteration``\s of your RL experiments.

.. _environments:

Environments
------------

Solving a problem in RL begins with an **environment**. In the simplest definition of RL:

  An **agent** interacts with an **environment** and receives a reward.

An environment in RL is the agent's world, it is a simulation of the problem to be solved.

.. image:: images/env_key_concept1.png

An RLlib environment consists of: 

1. all possible actions (**action space**)
2. a complete omniscient description of the environment, nothing hidden (**state space**)
3. an observation by the agent of certain parts of the state (**observation space**)
4. **reward**, which is the only feedback the agent receives per action.

> The model that maximizes cumulative future expected reward is called a **policy**.  A policy is a function mapping the environment's state into an action to take, usually written **π** (s(t)).  Below is a diagram of the RL iterative learning process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The model that tries to maximize the expected sum over all future rewards is called a **policy**.  The policy is a function mapping the environment's observations to an action to take, usually written **π** (s(t)) -> a(t).  Below is a diagram of the RL iterative learning process.
```
